do you stay up every night watching hot
girl live streaming
this girl just woke up to find someone
who looked just like her was using her
account to stream
what the hell is going on today i will
bring you the movie cam
in a pink room alice was live streaming
all night and nearly naked
she only wears a baseball jacket and
heavy makeup her look was simple but
very seductive
she is constantly interacting with fans
so she received a lot of donations
as long as she could increase her
streams ratings all requests of her fans
will be met
but at this moment there were a fan's
comments that caught her attention
he wants alice to hurt herself alice was
a little angry
thinking that the other guy was crazy so
she directly blocked that account
but after that everyone in the chat
commented to support that weird request
since they donated so much alice was
forced to agree
she cut herself with a sharp knife in an
instant she also received a lot of money
gotcha the stream ended alice happily
chatted with a man on the internet
her ranking after one night had risen to
the 53rd it turned out that all that
happened in the live stream was already
been set up
the one who made the request that was
not a stranger but a crazy fan of alice
to get in touch with alice he devised a
way to help her increase her rank
alice was also very happy after talking
to him alice video called with a fat guy
it was the person who supported her a
lot he was very rich she could not
ignore him
suddenly i found out it is very tiring
to do this job you would have to please
a lot of people
but why does alice have to work so hard
she had a goal to accomplish
she wanted to make it into the top 50.
we can see that her face without makeup
is no different from ordinary girls
after putting on her makeup and sexy
clothes she always looks amazing
in front of the camera today her role is
a sexy maid she spontaneously eats and
shows very erotic features
but right now alice's stream viewers are
constantly decreasing
the competition in this gig was so great
her opponents are getting crazier and
crazier
she did not know when to stop her body
became more and more exposed
alice's ranking was in danger she had to
do something quickly
she made that night her craziest live
stream ever unfortunately
i cannot show you how wonderful it was
sorry after a hard night
she achieved her goal of reaching the
top 50 by the time she woke up
it was 10 a.m she logged into her
account as usual but this time
someone has already logged into her
account she entered her own streaming
room when she found out that there was
another person on the stream
unexpectedly this girl's face was
exactly like hers
this is not a replay video and she is
not delusional with her own eyes
she saw another version of herself
streaming with even more sexy gestures
and emotions successfully entered the
top 20. she quickly called the
management company to check
but all things about that account were
normal she used her nickname lola and
heavily questioned the impostor
but got banned right away others was
still receiving respond from her so this
is not a playback
alice panicked hurried to find her
besties to talk but was interrupted by
the crazy fan
it turned out that the imposter had
agreed to go out with him she also put
up a lot of schedules
do
[Music]
the count been fake like her either now
alice thought of the rich guy that had
supported her
he seemed to know all the female
streamers to learn more about baby girl
alice reached out to him but while
talking he never mentioned the name baby
girl
alice felt very strange so she
investigated herself
at this point she just knew it turns out
that the girl with baby girl's face is
hannah
she passed away years ago was the person
on her live stream a ghost
al is terrified her imposter even live
streamed with hannah
alice did not give up searching she went
to see the people who gave hannah the
most donation
then discovered a very familiar name it
is the crazy fan who always wants to
date her
was he the one behind this alice went to
find him and questioned everything
after listening to the story he
comforted alice said that he would
definitely find justice for her
and told her to rest in his house at
night alice woke up to the talking voice
in the bathroom
she came to check it out then saw a
scene that stunned her the crazy fan
doing strange action while video calling
with her imposter
knowing that something was wrong she
knocked him down with a taser
he then confessed everything it turned
out that recently there was a mysterious
organization
they took advantage of artificial
intelligence technology to simulate
female streamers
then completely replaced their identity
they will let them do things that real
people would not do to make money
alice is very angry but he said he did
not join that organization
she took the opportunity to talk
privately with the impostor
but it doesn't have any weaknesses and
still casually talks to alice
alice remembered it was not a real
person it was just a programmed thing
she thought of a way to deal with this
alice quickly returned home and joined
the imposter stream
in the stream fans were surprised to see
two identical faces
but they come to watch the fun not to
care about who was fake
at first the imposter relied on sexy
acts and one
then alice came up with an idea she
slammed her face down onto the table
causing her nose to break in blood to
flow out the imposter did not give up
and still follow her
and ended up with the program crashed
the image on the imposter stream has
broken
this time alice won to claim her trophy
she asked them to hand over the account
then she went in and deleted it right
away the war was finally over
but alice was no longer able to stream
with her broken nose she recovered for a
year
then started streaming again
streaming is now very popular and people
are making tons of money out of it
the streamers are still trying to do
everything to become more and more
famous
it is often said that watching a stream
is like looking up at the sky
what we look at are different but on the
inside it's the same loneliness
don't be too immersed in the virtual
world